Add installation instructions (#45)
kyma-project/rafter: README.md

* Rafter is an S3-like file store also for files written in HTML, CSS, and JS. It means that Rafter can be used as a hosting solution for client-side applications.

## Quick start

Try out [this](https://katacoda.com/rafter/) set of interactive tutorials to see Rafter in action on Minikube. These tutorials show how to:
- Quickly install Rafter with our Helm Chart.
- Host a simple static site.
- Use Rafter as [headless CMS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_content_management_system) with the support of Rafter metadata webhook and Front Matter service. This example is based on a use case of storing Markdown files.
- Use Rafter as [headless CMS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_content_management_system) with the support of Rafter validation and conversion webhooks. This example is based on a use case of storing [AsyncAPI](https://asyncapi.org/) specifications.

>**NOTE:** Read [this](./docs/development-guide.md) development guide to start developing the project.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- Kubernetes 1.14 or higher / Minikube 1.3 or higher
- Helm 2.16.0 or higher

### Steps

1. Add a new chart's repository to Helm. Run:

> `helm repo add rafter-charts https://rafter-charts.storage.googleapis.com`

Reviewer: pls indent the command so that it displayed under the ordered list
```suggestion
   `helm repo add rafter-charts https://rafter-charts.storage.googleapis.com`
```

2. Install Rafter:

> `helm install --name rafter --set rafter-controller-manager.minio.service.type=NodePort rafter-charts/rafter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `helm install --name rafter --set rafter-controller-manager.minio.service.type=NodePort rafter-charts/rafter`
```

>**NOTE:** To learn how Rafter is implemented in [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io), read [Asset Store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/asset-store/) and [Headless CMS](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/headless-cms/) documentation.

### What Rafter is not

* Rafter is not a [Content Management System](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_management_system) (Wordpress-like),
* Rafter is not a solution for [Enterprise Content Management](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enterprise_content_management),
* Rafter doesn't come with any out-of-the box UI that allows to modify or consume files managend by Rafter.

### What Rafter can be used for

> * Rafter is based on [CRD's](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) and therefore is an extension to Kubernetes API and should be used mainly by Developers building on top of Kubernetes,

Author: I have problem with `coding`
you do not code on top of Kubernetes, you build solutions on top of it

> * Rafter is based on [CRD's](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) and therefore is an extension to Kubernetes API and should be used mainly by Developers building on top of Kubernetes,

Author: I like first suggestion, but without `coding`

> * Rafter is based on [CRD's](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) and therefore is an extension to Kubernetes API and should be used mainly by Developers building on top of Kubernetes,

Reviewer: let's maybe include the word "solution" - `building their solutions on top of Kubernetes,`

> * Rafter is based on [CRD's](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) and therefore is an extension to Kubernetes API and should be used mainly by Developers building on top of Kubernetes,

Author: perfect, will you adjust the first suggestion so I can apply it?

> * Rafter is based on [CRD's](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) and therefore is an extension to Kubernetes API and should be used mainly by Developers building on top of Kubernetes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rafter is based on [CRs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/). Therefore, it is an extension of Kubernetes API and should be used mainly by developers building their solutions on top of Kubernetes,
```

> * Rafter is a file store with functionality that allows users to programatically modify/validate/extract those files before they are persisted. Content of those files can be fetched using the API. This is a basic functionality known to [Headless CMS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_content_management_system) concept. If you want to deploy an application to Kubernetes, and enrich it with additional documentation or specifications, you can do it using Rafter,

Author: I think Headless must be capitalized, you sure lower case is appropriate?

> * Rafter is a file store with functionality that allows users to programatically modify/validate/extract those files before they are persisted. Content of those files can be fetched using the API. This is a basic functionality known to [Headless CMS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_content_management_system) concept. If you want to deploy an application to Kubernetes, and enrich it with additional documentation or specifications, you can do it using Rafter,

Reviewer: It is a general term and not a concrete example if I understand correctly. See these examples:
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_content_management_system
- https://www.contentful.com/r/knowledgebase/what-is-headless-cms/
